This game is deformed from the board game, which name is "Laser Maze." But when I included a random elements in the original game, I need to make some new rules which could make the game more fair and fun. There are some rules of the game.
1. The main board consists of a square shape of 5 times 5.
2. There are a laser pointer, 5 laser recognition devices containing a single-sided mirror, a double-sided mirror, 3 laser decomposers consisting of a translucent mirror, a checkpoint, and a stone that laser can pass over but cannot install other blocks. Each block is used and distinguished in different colors. The laser pointer is red, the recognition device is purple, the double-sided mirror is blue, the laser decomposers is green, and the checkpoint is yellow.
3. When the game starts, you should enter the total number of targets(from 1 to 3) to be recognized. After that, the board you need to solve will be released right after this. The block that was first installed on the board cannot be moved and may not be rotated with a certain probability. Non-moving blocks have a white background, and non-rotatable blocks have additional turquoise vertices. I'll say something important - to win the game, the laser MUST pass through ALL the blocks that were initially installed on the board(i.e., the background is white) withoput being blocked by the wall.
4. A laser pointer is always installed at the beginning of the first game. In addition, a minimum of 0 to a maximum target number +2 recognition devices will be installed, and double-sided mirrors may be installed depending on the probability. A minimum of 0 to a maximum target number of -1 laser decomposers can be installed, and checkpoints and stones can be installed depending on the probability. The blocks you can install to proceed with the game are all of the remaining blocks that were not installed during the initial board release process, except a checkpoint and a stone, and useless laser decomposers. All of them will be shown to you as a queue.
5. The recognition device of the purple block contains a red line. This red line is the part that recognizes the laser, and the same number of red lines as you entered before the game started should touch the laser pointer.
6. The yellow block is a checkpoint as mentioned above. It is impossible to install an additional yellow block on the board, but the game will not end if the yellow block exists on the main board and the laser does not penetrate the yellow block.
7. If the pointer is on the board, you can move the pointer with W/A/S/D. If you want to rotate the block in the pointer, you can use Q/E.
8. If you want to remove the block from the queue and install it on the board, press the Space bar. Then the pointer will be placed in the queue, then you can move the pointer with A/D. If you press the Space bar again, then the original pointer in the board will be changed into the block you want. Also, you can use the Space bar if you want to remove the moveable block from the board.
9. If you think that the board is not satisfactory to you, then you can use the R. If you press R with any change in the board(except of the movement of the pointer), then the board will return to the start point. Then, you can press R again to switch the board into the new one.
10. As I said earlier, if the number of targets set and finally the number of recognition devices that the laser recognizes are the same, and the laser passes through all the blocks that were initially installed except for the stone, the game ends with your victory. Otherwise, the game will not end, but if you press Z, the game will end with your defeat.
Good luck then!
